{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Artificial intelligence in education\
\
Definition of Artificial Intelligence\
\
Artificial intelligence is the ability of computers to perform tasks that require humans to use their intelligence, like: observing, recognizing, interacting with the environment, analyzing, reasoning, solving problems and making predictions. For example, you can find AI in voice assistants on smartphones, self-driving cars or in robots that compile orders in large warehouses. But it can also be found in programs that, without any human intervention, can write factual accounts about annual figures or produce diagnoses of medical disorders. A huge range of different manifestations, but they all use AI as their foundation. \
\
History of artificial intelligence \
 \
The first work that is now generally recognized as AI was done by Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts. They drew on three sources: knowledge of the basic physiology and function of neurons in the brain; a formal analysis of propositional logic due to Russell and Whitehead; and Turing\'92s theory of computation. They proposed a model of artificial neurons in which each neuron is characterized as being \'93on\'94 or \'93off,\'94 with a switch to \'93on\'94 occurring in response to stimulation by a sufficient number of neighboring neurons. The state of a neuron was conceived of as \'93factually equivalent to a proposition which proposed its adequate stimulus.\'94 They showed, for example, that any computable function could be computed by some network of connected neurons, and that all the logical connectives (and, or, not, etc.) could be implemented by simple net structures. McCulloch and Pitts also suggested that suitably defined networks could learn. Donald Hebb (1949) demonstrated a simple updating rule for modifying the connection strengths between neurons. His rule, now called Hebbian learning, remains an influential model to this day.\
\
Understanding how AI is inspired by the human brain\
\
Artificial intelligence does not have to mimic the functioning of the brain in order to be effective, in the same way that an aeroplane can fly without having to move its wings like a bird. Due to the rapid development of chip technology, AI can store, process and analyze many times more data than a human brain. However, not all human capabilities can be approximated with brute computational power at this time. \
\
An AI system that can mimic a complete human being, otherwise known as artificial general intelligence, still has a long way to go. Task-specific artificial intelligence, on the other hand, is already all around us. You can find it in a wide variety of products. However, AI technology of this kind must be made suitable for a specific market or field of activity. For example, there are great expectations for AI in education, but for the time being, we see it only to a limited extent in tangible educational products.\
\
\
The Turing Test approach\
\
The Turing Test, proposed by Alan Turing (1950), was designed to provide a satisfactory operational definition of intelligence. A computer passes the test if a human interrogator, after posing some written questions, cannot tell whether the written responses come from a person or from a computer.\
\
The computer would need to possess the following capabilities:\
natural language processing to enable it to communicate successfully in English;\
knowledge representation to store what it knows or hears;\
automated reasoning to use the stored information to answer questions and to draw new conclusions;\
machine learning to adapt to new circumstances and to detect and extrapolate patterns.\
\
Turing\'92s test deliberately avoided direct physical interaction between the interrogator and the computer, because physical simulation of a person is unnecessary for intelligence. However, the so-called total Turing Test includes a video signal so that the interrogator can test the subject\'92s perceptual abilities, as well as the opportunity for the interrogator to pass physical objects \'93through the hatch.\'94 To pass the total Turing Test, the computer will need computer vision to perceive objects, and robotics to manipulate objects and move about.\
\
Turing deserves credit for designing a test that remains relevant 60 years later. Yet AI researchers have devoted little effort to passing the Turing Test, believing that it is more important to study the underlying principles of intelligence than to duplicate an exemplar. The quest for \'93artificial flight\'94 succeeded when the Wright brothers and others stopped imitating birds and started using wind tunnels and learning about aerodynamics. Aeronautical engineering texts do not define the goal of their field as making \'93machines that fly so exactly like pigeons that they can fool even other pigeons.\'94\
\
How does AI work? \
\
Artificial intelligence essentially consists of two components: a self-learning algorithm and data. An algorithm is a series of instructions that leads to a certain result. In computers, this takes the form of a computer program. One example of an algorithm that you encounter and use in everyday life is a recommender system. Based on your viewing behavior, video streaming services make recommendations about other videos that you may find interesting. To be able to make these recommendations, data is needed. In this case, the data is your own viewing behavior and that of others. Data is the raw material that allows AI to work. By analyzing more data, the algorithm can make better recommendations. \
\
An important difference between other programs and those that use AI is the ability to learn. Think of a chess program. You could program it with every possible strategy, decision and rule, prepared in advance. In terms of possibilities, the end product then remains limited to what the programmers have told the program about effective strategies. With an AI chess program, you don\'92t come up with all the steps in advance, but you make an algorithm that is capable of learning from data. You \'91feed\'92 it millions of chess games that people have played. The algorithm analyses everything and then extracts strategies, rules and decisions. It would be impossible for people to analyze so much data, but an AI program is able to. After the algorithm has been trained, it can play chess against people in the form of a computer program. \
\
Programs that are trained with AI don\'92t necessarily learn constantly. It is a snapshot, as it were, of all knowledge and experiences acquired up to that point. Its functioning is as good or bad as the quality of the devised algorithm and the data with which it was trained. The algorithm makes decisions based on what it has learned before you can eventually use it as a program. Of course, the program also collects new data as you use it. To make the AI even better, this data must first be processed and a new snapshot can be made. You can compare this new snapshot with a software update. \
\
Bias in AI \
\
Just like people, AI systems sometimes have prejudices, although these often arise unintentionally. The developer can consciously or unconsciously program them in the algorithm. It is also possible that the dataset with which the algorithm is being trained is incomplete, polluted or incorrect. As AI systems start carrying out more and more tasks for us, we must be wary of these biases. \
\
Ethics and risks of developing AI\
\
If the effects of AI technology are more likely to be negative than positive, then it would be the moral responsibility of workers in the field to redirect their research. Many new technologies have had unintended negative side effects: nuclear fission brought Chernobyl and the threat of global destruction; the internal combustion engine brought air pollution, global warming, and the paving-over of paradise. In a sense, automobiles are robots that have conquered the world by making themselves indispensable.\
\
All scientists and engineers face ethical considerations of how they should act on the job, what projects should or should not be done, and how they should be handled. AI, however, seems to pose some fresh problems beyond that of, say, building bridges that don\'92t fall down:\
People might lose their jobs to automation.\
People might have too much (or too little) leisure time.\
People might lose their sense of being unique.\
AI systems might be used toward undesirable ends.\
The use of AI systems might result in a loss of accountability.\
The success of AI might mean the end of the human race.\
\
Forms of AI \
\
There isn\'92t one specific form of AI. The different forms of AI use different approaches, each with its own strengths and opportunities. AI products and services use one or more forms of AI. Here, we will discuss the four most commonly used forms. \
\
Supervised machine learning \
\
With this form of AI, you know in advance what the correct outcome is and you teach the algorithm the relationships between various data. All of the data used is labelled by people, in much the same way that you would indicate the meaning of each column above the columns of a spreadsheet. The algorithm doesn\'92t have to figure out what the data means or which data groups belong together. By feeding the algorithm more and more data, the results become more and more accurate. As an example, think of determining the selling price of a house. By giving an algorithm lots of historical data of sold houses with their final selling price, plot size, location and other features, it gets a better understanding of the relationships between the factors. This allows it to more accurately determine a selling price. \
\
With this form of AI, you don\'92t program what the right outcome is and exactly which data is relevant, but you ask an algorithm to cluster the data by finding patterns in a dataset. Algorithms like these can be used if you don\'92t want to or are unable to classify all the data yourself, or because you want to discover new connections and clusters. One practical example is a video service that recommends other videos that are likely to be of interest to you. In this case, you don\'92t want to think up every single category in advance, but you want the system to determine them, and to keep recognizing and updating them. \
 \
In this form, the algorithm learns to perform a task by getting rewarded for actions that provide the right outcome. You can use this type of algorithm if there is little data available. It is comparable with training a dog: if the dog does something right, you give it a reward, otherwise, no reward. The algorithm then learns what the desired actions are that contribute to achieving a specific goal. These types of algorithms are also used in self-driving cars so that, learning from the driver, they can make better decisions. Or, in the case of a robot learning to walk, it learns by trial and error how big the right step has to be. \
\
You can use this form with \'91unstructured data\'92 such as images, videos or sound recordings. Compared with the other forms, it needs much more data, but it may yield even more accurate results. Deep learning algorithms consist of different layers. Each layer learns new and more complex properties of the data. For example, you can create an AI system that recognizes animals. By providing it with lots of examples of different birds, the system learns to recognize various characteristics. For example, one layer of the algorithm analyses the shape of the object. By recognizing wings and a beak, it knows that this particular object is a bird. Another layer analyses the color of the bird and recognizes that it is a yellow bird. Based on the combination of these characteristics, a subsequent layer could also recognize the specific type of bird, for example a yellow parakeet. If you show the algorithm a new bird that wasn\'92t in the training set, it can still recognize the bird on the basis of its characteristics. \
\
What if AI does succeed\'97 considerations for the future\
\
In David Lodge\'92s Small World (1984), a novel about the academic world of literary criticism, the protagonist causes consternation by asking a panel of eminent but contradictory literary theorists the following question: \'93What if you were right?\'94 None of the theorists seems to have considered this question before, perhaps because debating unfalsifiable theories is an end in itself. Similar confusion can be evoked by asking AI researchers, \'93What if you succeed?\'94\
\
\
\
As mentioned before, there are ethical issues to consider. Intelligent computers are more powerful than dumb ones, but will that power be used for good or ill? Those who strive to develop AI have a responsibility to see that the impact of their work is a positive one. The scope of the impact will depend on the degree of success of AI. Even modest successes in AI have already changed the ways in which computer science is taught and software development is practiced. AI has made possible new applications such as speech recognition systems, inventory control systems, surveillance systems, robots, and search engines.\
\
\
\
We can expect that medium-level successes in AI would affect all kinds of people in their daily lives. So far, computerized communication networks, such as cell phones and the Internet, have had this kind of pervasive effect on society, but AI has not. AI has been at work behind the scenes\'97for example, in automatically approving or denying credit card transactions for every purchase made on the Web\'97but has not been visible to the average consumer.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}