{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Differentiation in primary education\
[end: text2_section 1_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section1_title]\
Differences in the classroom\
[end: text2_section1_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section1_para1]\
Student ability in untracked primary classrooms may vary widely, which poses challenges for teachers. This variability does not only occur in schools with a policy of full inclusion, but in all classrooms that are created based on student age. The quality of schools is largely determined by how teachers deal with these (cognitive) differences between students and by how they adapt their instruction to individual needs. This requires teachers to develop advanced professional skills in addition to their basic skills of classroom management and general didactics. Note that this hierarchy of professional skills stems from practice, not from principle: although taking into account individual student needs is fundamental of good teaching and therefore should be a basic skill, research shows that novice teachers first need to master other skills before they can start attending to differences between students well. These advanced professional skills are summarized in the concept \'91differentiation\'92. \
[end: text2_section1_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section2_title]\
What is differentiation? \
[end: text2_section2_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section2_para1]\
Differentiation is a combination of careful progress monitoring and adapting instruction in response. It is \'93an approach to teaching in which teachers proactively modify curricula, teaching methods, resources, learning activities, and student products to address the diverse needs of individual students and small groups of students to maximize the learning opportunity for each student in a classroom\'94. It is related to the concept of aptitude-treatment interaction, which emphasizes that education is most effective when instruction is closely matched to the student's own capacities and talents, and also acknowledges the complex interplay between characteristics of the student, task and instruction.\
[end: text2_section2_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section3_title]\
Types of differentiation practices in the classroom context\
[end: text2_section3_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section3_para1]\
Differentiation is an overall approach to teaching and can include combinations of many practices, like flexible (heterogeneous or homogeneous) grouping, detailed progress monitoring, using adaptive computer programs or learning materials, modifying learning content, adapting instruction for weaker students, and providing opportunities for acceleration for stronger students. Differentiation practices can be applied to areas of learning content, learning process, learning product. Tomlinson (2014) extends this list with affect or environment. Furthermore, teachers may not only take into account differences in students' cognitive abilities, but also other differences such as in students' motivation or interest for example. This broad array of differentiation options is appealing, but does pose some challenges in a theoretical sense because of the many practices and understandings that it may entail. The potential relevance of differentiation in which student differences in ability or performance are taken into account is clear from theoretical underpinnings in theories such as Vygotsky's Zone of Proximal Development, which describes how learning could be advanced by providing students tasks that are just outside their current level of mastery. \
[end: text2_section3_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section4_title]\
How to deal with differences in the classroom\
[end: text2_section4_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section4_para1]\
How teachers choose to apply differentiation seems to be related to the implicit or explicit learning goals they have for their classroom as a whole. From a theoretical point of view, teachers can strive for convergence or divergence. Teachers aiming at convergence mainly focus on helping all their students to reach a basic performance level. This implies that they may dedicate additional time and effort to low-achieving students in order to help them reach a minimum performance level, even when this is at the expense of time they had reserved for high-ability students. Teachers aiming at divergence, on the contrary, mainly focus on helping all students to reach their highest potential, dividing attention equally between students with lower, average, and higher ability. Their use of ability-appropriate performance goals for (groups of) students at different ability levels may lead to a widening of the gap between lower- and higher-ability students. Convergent and divergent goals thus lead to different pedagogical-didactical decisions. In practice, though, most teachers are likely to combine convergent and divergent goals, and will aim to reach a minimum performance level with low-ability students while also offering high-ability students the opportunity to extend their knowledge without proceeding (too much) ahead of their classmates.\
[end: text2_section4_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section5_title]\
Using differentiation to adapt education\
[end: text2_section5_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section5_para1]\
Differentiation in education is a highly debated topic, especially when it is applied in the form of homogeneous grouping. Teachers appear less accurate in estimating students\'92 cognitive abilities when they are placed in homogeneous classrooms. Most concerns regarding homogeneous grouping are related to the reduced learning opportunities for low-ability students: within these groups, students cannot profit from the input of higher-ability peers or from the role models that high-ability students can be. Furthermore, teachers may have lower expectations of low-ability students and, therefore, unconsciously limit their opportunity to learn. This is especially relevant for students from impoverished backgrounds or minority groups, who might be labeled as being of \'93low ability\'94 even before they have had the opportunity to show their potential. Teacher expectations and beliefs are found to correlate with the SES of students. When students from low SES families are placed in a low-ability group too soon \'96 based on general estimates or prejudices, rather than on actual performance level \'96 they might encounter lower expectations and, as a result, less demanding teaching and unequal learning opportunities. The debate on how to implement differentiation in such a way that students of all ability levels profit from it should be informed by empirical research data. Review studies of the effects of differentiation practices are, therefore, important.\
[end: text2_section5_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section6_title]\
Standards for teaching as a strategy for profession-building\
[end: text2_section6_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section6_para1]\
In the midst of the debates about how to improve teaching quality, an emerging strategy across a number of nations has been the articulation of standards for what teachers should learn and be able to do. The theory of action is that such standards \'96 used to guide licensing or certification of candidates and/or accreditation of programmes \'96 can guide teacher learning and influence entry, continuation or recognition in the field.\
[end: text2_section6_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section7_title]\
Effectiveness of standards for teaching \
[end: text2_section7_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section7_para1]\
The United States has been a leader in this regard, with the creation of the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards in 1987, which not only articulated standards and developed assessments for evaluating accomplished teaching, but also led to revisions of standards for beginning teacher licensing and preparation through the Interstate New Teacher Assessment and Support Consortium (INTASC). Research has found that veteran teachers who meet the National Board\'92s standards are more effective than those who do not and that the process of becoming Board-certified helps teachers improve their practice.\
[end: text2_section7_para1]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section8_title]\
Performance assessment of teaching\
[end: text2_section8_title]\
\'a0\
[start: text2_section8_para1]\
In recent years, the creation of a performance assessment for evaluating new teachers has also taken hold, with more than one thousand educators across the country having collaborated to create a national version of an assessment that can inform initial licensure and provide leverage on improving teacher preparation. Educator preparation programmes in more than 30 states have piloted this teacher performance assessment. A similar assessment in California has been found to measure teachers\'92 later effectiveness and to produce improvements in teacher education in that state. If such high-quality performance assessments can be tapped, they could create an entry standard that puts to rest the futile arguments about the quality of various traditional and alternative routes and set a meaningful benchmark for all programmes and candidates to meet.\
\
How will teacher standards be used?\
\
The critical question for the teacher standards movement, where it is emerging, is how the standards will be used, how universally they will be applied and how they may leverage stronger learning opportunities and a more common set of knowledge, skills and commitments across the profession. Robust standards weakly applied can be expected to have much less effect than those that are used, as in other professions, as an effectively endorsed expectation for candidates and institutions to meet.\
\
Sources:\
Deunk, M. I., Smale-Jacobse, A. E., de Boer, H., Doolaard, S., & Bosker, R. J. (2018). Effective differentiation Practices: A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies on the cognitive effects of differentiation practices in primary education.\'a0Educational Research Review,\'a024, 31-54.\
\'a0\
Darling-Hammond, L. (2017). Teacher education around the world: what can we learn from international practice? European Journal of Teacher Education, 40, 291-309. doi: 10.1080/02619768.2017.1315399\
\
}