{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scaffolding in Education \
[end: text3_main title]\
\
[start: text3_section1_title]\
Development of scaffolding \
[end: text3_section1_title]\
\
[start: text3_section1 _para1] \
Drawing on the metaphor of scaffolding in building construction, Wood, Bruner, and Ross (1976) proposed the concept of scaffolding to describe how children, with the help of someone more knowledgeable to share and support their problem solving, can perform more complex tasks than they would otherwise be capable of performing on their own.\
[end: text3_section1_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section2_title]\
Fundamentals of scaffolding\
[end: text3_section2_title]\
\
[start: text3_section2 _para1] \
The concept of scaffolding and its use in the learning sciences draws on multiple research traditions. The idea arises from Vygotskian-based study of adult-child and peer interactions, primarily in the context of language development. It draws on Vygotsky\'92s notion of development and learning as occurring in a zone of proximal development (ZPD). The ZPD refers to a range of tasks that are outside of the learners\'92 current independent ability but are achievable with appropriate help, thereby extending their range of independent activity. By actively participating in working through these more complex tasks, children learn from the experience and go beyond what they can accomplish alone. Another influence is the study of classical apprenticeship in which learning occurs as people with varying degrees of expertise engage in context in authentic tasks.\
[end: text3_section2_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section3_title]\
Roots of cognitive apprenticeship\
[end: text3_section3_title]\
\
[start: text3_section3 _para1] \
First, the term apprenticeship emphasizes that cognitive apprenticeship was aimed primarily at teaching the processes that experts use to handle complex tasks. Like traditional apprenticeship, cognitive apprenticeship emphasizes that knowledge must be used in solving real-world problems. Conceptual knowledge is learned in a variety of contexts, encouraging both a deeper understanding of the meaning of the concepts themselves, and a rich web of memorable associations between them and the problem-solving contexts. This dual focus on expert processes and learning in context are shared by both traditional apprenticeship and cognitive apprenticeship.\
[end: text3_section3_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section3 _para2] \
Second, the term cognitive emphasizes that the focus is on cognitive skills, rather than physical ones. Traditional apprenticeship evolved to teach domains in which the target skills are externally visible, and thus readily available to both student and teacher for observation, refinement, and correction, and bear a transparent relationship to concrete products. But given the way that most subjects are taught in school, teachers cannot make fine adjustments in students\'92 application of skill and knowledge to tasks, because they can\'92t see the cognitive processes in students\'92 heads. By the same token, students do not usually have access to the problem-solving processes of instructors as a basis for learning through observation. Before apprenticeship methods can be applied to learn cognitive skills, the learning environment has to be changed to make these thought processes visible. Cognitive apprenticeship is designed to bring these cognitive processes into the open, where students can observe and practice them.\
[end: text3_section3_para2]\
\
[start: text3_section4_title]\
Definition of scaffolding\
[end: text3_section4_title]\
\
[start: text3_section4 _para1] \
A central idea in scaffolding is that the work is shared between the learner and some more knowledgeable other or agent. Scaffolding enables not only the performance of a task more complex than the learner could handle alone, but also enables learning from that experience. The collaboration with a \'93more knowledgeable other\'94 (typically called a tutor in early work on scaffolding) can help learners bridge from their current knowledge to more sophisticated practices. Several aspects of knowledge and skills may need to be bridged. Learners may have an incomplete definition of the problem, not able to fully determine the goal of the task, the expected products, or the resources involved. Their relevant skill set may be incomplete. Regulating the problem solving process, determining which actions to take, and when and how, often pose serious challenges for learners. Thus, what learners need to acquire through the scaffolded activity is an inventory of relevant actions and proficiency in the orchestration of these actions.\
[end: text3_section4_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section5_title]\
Process of scaffolding\
[end: text3_section5_title]\
\
[start: text3_section5 _para1] \
The more knowledgeable other providing scaffolding proceeds as though the learner already does possess this knowledge and skill. Thus, learners may encounter directives that they do not understand and are pushed to construct an understanding of the directive and to associate it with their emerging definition of the task. This understanding is built by having the tutor perform the required action for the learner (modeling) or animate the actions of the learners by helping to implement their actions, such as in manipulating their hands in a loom or rephrasing their words to better align with the task. This process is also true for nonverbal actions and directives. Over repeated interactions, the learner imitates the modeled actions and associates them with the directive and the definition of the task. This is one of the mechanisms that explains how learning occurs through scaffolding, and is referred to as prolepsis.\
[end: text3_section5_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section5 _para2] \
Similarly, the joint activity of scaffolding tends to begin with other- regulated behavior, in which the tutor directs, hints, or offers prompts that help regulate the sequence of relevant actions. Over time, learners appropriate this guidance and begin to regulate their own actions as the tutor gradually reduces guidance, resulting in fading of scaffolding. Eventually, the learners regulate their activity without overt speech, as the \'93other speech\'94 becomes internalized and eternal guidance is no longer needed.\
[end: text3_section5_para2]\
\
[start: text3_section6_title]\
Other approaches to supporting learning\
[end: text3_section6_title]\
\
[start: text3_section6 _para1] \
Scaffolding is fundamentally different from instructional approaches based on the decomposition of complex skills and tasks into minimal constituent components. The instructional design approach of breaking skills and tasks into component parts has its roots in behaviorist approaches to learning and education. Based on behaviorist theory, learners acquire more complex behaviors from simpler learned behaviors, for example, adding a new step to a known sequence. Analyzing tasks into constituent components, teaching these first, and then building up to more complex behaviors has become a common approach in traditional instructional design. In these approaches, learning requires small-scale tasks created specifically for developing a particular subskill. Such tasks may not reflect actual tasks outside the learning environment.\
[end: text3_section6_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section7_title]\
Using reflection to foster learning\
[end: text3_section7_title]\
\
[start: text3_section7 _para1] \
Reflection encourages learners to look back on their performance in a situation and compare their performance to other performances, such as their own previous performances and those of experts. Reflection has received much attention as a vital aspect of the learning process for both children and adults. Schon (1983) describes how systematic reflection on practice is critical for many professionals engaged in complex activities. Designers of learning environments often build supports for reflection into tasks by asking students to discuss and reflect on the strategies used to guide their actions. Reflection can highlight the critical aspects of a performance and encourage learners to think about what makes for a good performance and how they might improve in the future.\
[end: text3_section7_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section7 _para2] \
There are two forms that reflection can take, both of which are enhanced by technology: 1) comparison of your performance to that of others, and 2) comparison of your performance to a set of criteria for evaluating performances.\
[end: text3_section7_para2]\
\
[start: text3_section8_title]\
How coaching supports students\'92 learning\
[end: text3_section8_title]\
\
[start: text3_section8 _para1] \
Coaching consists of observing students while they carry out tasks and offering hints, challenges, scaffolding, feedback, modeling, reminders, and new tasks aimed at bringing their performance closer to expert performance. Coaching relates to specific problems that arise as the student attempts to accomplish a task. In Palincsar and Brown\'92s (1984) reciprocal teaching of reading, the teacher coaches students while they formulate questions on the text, clarify their difficulties, generate summaries, and make predictions about what will come next.\
[end: text3_section8_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section9_title]\
Applications of scaffolding \
[end: text3_section9_title]\
\
[start: text3_section9 _para1] \
In contrast, scaffolding is an element of contextualized approaches that situate the learning of new skills in more complex tasks such as apprenticeship and project-based learning. In these contextualized approaches, learners work on real-world or expert complex tasks, which motivate developing subskills and requisite knowledge, in context, as needed, applying the knowledge and skills as they are constructed. Embedding guidance in context as learners perform a full contextualized expert-like task is the essence of the pedagogical logic of scaffolding.\
[end: text3_section9_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section10_title]\
Application of modeling in cognitive apprenticeship \
[end: text3_section10_title]\
\
[start: text3_section10 _para1] \
Modeling involves an expert performing a task so that the students can observe and build a conceptual model of the processes that are required to accomplish it. In cognitive domains, this requires the externalization of usually internal processes and activities. For example, a teacher might model the reading process by reading aloud in one voice, while verbalizing her thought processes in another voice. In mathematics, Schoenfeld (1985) models the process of solving problems by thinking aloud while trying to solve novel problems students bring to class. Recent research suggests that delaying expert modeling of a task until students have tried to generate their own ideas and strategies for performing the task is particularly effective.\
[end: text3_section10_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section11_title]\
Implications of scaffolding in learning\
[end: text3_section11_title]\
\
[start: text3_section11 _para1] \
Because scaffolding is a contextualized holistic approach, it facilitates transfer, and it cultivates an understanding of the objectives of a discipline and of the relationship between objectives and procedures. Understanding the ultimate aim and application context of component skills is often absent from instruction that is organized around the decomposition of requisite skills. In traditional instruction, learners see the particular skill, such as solving linear equations or learning the formula for photosynthesis, as an aim in and of itself, and they do not learn the potential relevance and applicability of this knowledge. This results in inert knowledge, in which learners cannot apply what they learn. In contrast, when learners work on component skills in the context of the full target application task, they learn how the component skills should work in and when and how they should be applied, which facilitates their independent and appropriate use in the future.\
[end: text3_section11_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section12_title]\
Principles for developing learning activities \
[end: text3_section12_title]\
\
[start: text3_section12 _para1] \
Increasing complexity refers to sequencing of tasks, such that more of the skills and concepts necessary for expert performance are required. For example, in reading, increasing task complexity might consist of progressing from relatively short texts \'96 with simple syntax and concrete description \'96 to texts in which complexly interrelated ideas and the use of abstractions make interpretation difficult.\
[end: text3_section12_para1]\
\
[start: text3_section12 _para2] \
Increasing diversity refers to sequencing of tasks so that a wider variety of strategies or skills is required. As a skill becomes well learned, it becomes increasingly important that tasks requiring a diversity of skills and strategies be introduced, so that the student learns to distinguish the conditions under which they apply. Moreover, as students learn to apply skills to more diverse problems, their strategies acquire a richer net of contextual associations and thus are more readily available for use with unfamiliar or novel problems. For mathematics, task diversity might be attained by intermixing very different types of problems, such as asking students to solve problems that require them to use a combination of algebraic and geometric techniques.\
[end: text3_section12_para2]\
\
[end: text3]\
\
[start: hiddentext]\
Sources:\
\
Collins, A., & Kapur, M. (2014). Cognitive Apprenticeship. In R. Sawyer (Ed.),\'a0The Cambridge Handbook of the Learning Sciences\'a0(Cambridge Handbooks in Psychology, pp. 109-127). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. doi:10.1017/CBO9781139519526.008\
\
Reiser, B., & Tabak, I. (2014). Scaffolding. In\'a0The Cambridge Handbook of the Learning Sciences, Second Edition\'a0(pp. 44-62). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press\
}